my earliest memory is probably from when
I was about four years old my dad guilt
and makeshift and carriage on the back
of a tricycle and my brother my twin
brother and I would sit on the back and
be pedaled around our local town and I
can't forget about it because people to
this day remember it this yellow
tricycle do you remember the two twins
on the back of tricycle yep I remember
that too my biggest indulgence is
probably shoes and I own a lot of
high-heeled shoes and I haven't been
allowed to wear them yet because as only
athlete my physio was not keen on me
twisting my ankle or anything so that's
my biggest indulgence if I was I would
probably like to sneak behind the scenes
of lots of different places probably
film and television would be quite fun
or and backstage at a fashion show or or
just see what goes on behind the scenes
when you know on the outside it seems
all controlled and organized and just
the chaos I haven't been to many fancy
dress parties in my time so I haven't
got a favorite costume however there was
one occasion when I left school where I
dressed as Cleopatra and it had the
whole black wig on and everything and
nobody recognized me so that was quite
fun if I was to dance with anyone past
or present
well at first of all I'd be able to like
to be able to dance so I could dance
with my fiance but if not I think I'd
like to dance with Patrick Swayze I love
dirty dancing